README.md, before:

# TotalKeyMix

TotalKeyMix is a tool to control the volume of [RME TotalMix][1] using hotkeys
under Microsoft Windows. It is implemented in [AutoHotKey][2].

[1]: https://www.rme-audio.de/de_totalmix-fx.html
[2]: https://www.autohotkey.com


## MIDI driver

TotalKeyMix needs a virtual loopback MIDI driver like [LoopMidi][1] or
[LoopBe1][2] to be set up. See this page on how to do that:

► [MIDI Setup][3]

[1]: https://www.tobias-erichsen.de/software/loopmidi.html
[2]: https://nerds.de/en/loopbe1.html
[3]: docs/midi_setup.md


## TotalKeyMix settings

TotalKeyMix is configured via a [configuration file][5]. The possible settings
are documented right in there.

[5]: config.ini


## History

TotalKeyMix was originally created by [Stephan Römer][6], who published it on
the [RME-audio forum][7] and on [his website][8]. Later, Petre Ikonomov extended
it and posted his updated version on the [Autohotkey forum][9].
[carlfriedrich][10] took these versions and transferred them to [GitHub][11],
where the project is maintained ever since.

[6]:  https://www.stephanroemer.net
[7]:  https://www.forum.rme-audio.de/viewtopic.php?id=8343
[8]:  http://web.archive.org/web/20160508150718/http://www.stephanroemer.net/stuff/totalkeymix/totalkeymix.html
[9]:  https://www.autohotkey.com/boards/viewtopic.php?f=6&t=42686
[10]: https://github.com/carlfriedrich
[11]: https://github.com/carlfriedrich/TotalKeyMix

Commit message:

Add possibility to run multiple instances
The config file can now be passed as a command line argument to
TotalKeyMix. This makes it possible to start multiple instances of the
app using different configurations, e.g. one for the main volume and
one for the headphones volume.

README.md, after:

# TotalKeyMix

TotalKeyMix is a tool to control the volume of [RME TotalMix][1] using hotkeys
under Microsoft Windows. It is implemented in [AutoHotKey][2].

[1]: https://www.rme-audio.de/de_totalmix-fx.html
[2]: https://www.autohotkey.com


## MIDI driver

TotalKeyMix needs a virtual loopback MIDI driver like [LoopMidi][1] or
[LoopBe1][2] to be set up. See this page on how to do that:

► [MIDI Setup][3]

[1]: https://www.tobias-erichsen.de/software/loopmidi.html
[2]: https://nerds.de/en/loopbe1.html
[3]: docs/midi_setup.md


## TotalKeyMix settings

TotalKeyMix is configured via a [configuration file][5]. The possible settings
are documented right in there.

Usually TotalKeyMix loads the default file `config.ini`. The file name can be
passed as a parameter to TotalKeyMix, though, e.g. via a [Windows shortcut][12].
This makes it possible to have multiple instances running in parallel using
different configurations, e.g. one for the [main volume][13] and one for the
[headphones volume][14], using different keys and colors or screen positions.

[5]: config.ini
[12]: https://www.digitalcitizen.life/shortcut-arguments-parameters-windows/
[13]: https://github.com/carlfriedrich/TotalKeyMix/blob/myconfig/config_main.ini
[14]: https://github.com/carlfriedrich/TotalKeyMix/blob/myconfig/config_headphones.ini


## History

TotalKeyMix was originally created by [Stephan Römer][6], who published it on
the [RME-audio forum][7] and on [his website][8]. Later, Petre Ikonomov extended
it and posted his updated version on the [Autohotkey forum][9].
[carlfriedrich][10] took these versions and transferred them to [GitHub][11],
where the project is maintained ever since.

[6]:  https://www.stephanroemer.net
[7]:  https://www.forum.rme-audio.de/viewtopic.php?id=8343
[8]:  http://web.archive.org/web/20160508150718/http://www.stephanroemer.net/stuff/totalkeymix/totalkeymix.html
[9]:  https://www.autohotkey.com/boards/viewtopic.php?f=6&t=42686
[10]: https://github.com/carlfriedrich
[11]: https://github.com/carlfriedrich/TotalKeyMix
